{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hello,\'a0\
\
It was a pleasure visiting your restaurant earlier this afternoon. I had the opportunity to talk to one of the staff members at DishDash about Groak and I am\'a0following up on that. Just for more context, Groak has been developed for the purpose of minimizing customer interactions with staff and limiting the risks of Covid-19 exposures for both parties.\'a0\
\
In addition, Groakapp is a digital\'a0contactless dining management service for both your customers and your staff to utilize. Some notable features we offer include:\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Paperless Dining Menus
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Reusable and Customizable Digital QR Codes
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Contactless Orders using QR Menu Pages
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Interactive chat feature for customers and staff\'a0
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dynamic Digital Menu Creation\'a0
\f0\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Automated Receipt Generation
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 We are offering our services for free under the duration of 1 year.
\f0\b0 \ulnone \'a0 Attached in this email is a flyer that explains more about our product as well as a\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://groakapp.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 demo video}}\'a0you can watch for more information. You can also find a few examples of our fully customizable QR code print outs attached. If you feel like experimenting, feel free to create an account on\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://groakapp.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Groak}}\'a0and create your menu within minutes absolutely free.\
\
We can implement your digital menu experience for your customers within a 1-2 week period. Let me know if you have any questions and would like to set up a call to learn more information. Please feel free to reach out directly from the contact information listed below. In any case, we wish you the very best!\'a0\
}